Generator: Update SDK /services/loadbalancer (#551)
stackitcloud/stackit-sdk-go: services/loadbalancer/CHANGELOG.md

> ## v0.12.1 (2024-XX-XX)

Reviewer: Should be version 0.13.0 as it's not a bugfix

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## v0.13.0 (2024-XX-XX)
```

- **Feature:** `CreateLoadBalancerPayload` has a new field `PlanId`
- **Feature:** `LoadBalancer` has a new field `PlanId`

> - **Feature:** `UpdateLoadBalancerPayload` has a new field `PlanId`

Reviewer: Maybe grouping them would be easier to read

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Feature:** `LoadBalancer`, `CreateLoadBalancerPayload` and `UpdateLoadBalancerPayload` have a new field `PlanId`
```
